	In this course, I learned what is the Software quality assurance and what can we do with it. Software quality assurance (SQA) consists of a means of monitoring the software engineering processes and methods used to ensure quality.The Quality Assurance (QA) group would not take any part in the manufacture process itself (including Quality Control of the product) but would audit the process to make sure the established guidelines and standards were being followed. The QA group would then give input (metrics or measures) into a process of continuous improvement. 

In my opinion,Software Quality Assurance is through effective project planning and management to ensure the quality of the final project.
	Then, I introduce a project that I have been involved.This is a school management system.The section of testing used a lot of software quality assurance knowledge and skills.Now,I will introduce these steps in this part.Software testing system include: the development of test plan, test design, test implementation, create and update test documentation. The role of Software QA in Requirements development and Requirements Management: Software QA verifies that the Requirements conform to the basic standard (Templates) and the requirements are free of any ambiguities. In terms of completeness, Software QA would also review the risks of not completing the Non-functional section. The Software QA would also review the Traceability Matrix in order to make sure all requirements were referenced in other specifications. 
	The first part we should make a good testing plan,It's about how to test and we should choose what kind of testers.In my project.Testers are not only professional software testers but also teachers and staff in school.We also need to take into accountwe how to avoid project risk and how to control the quality of projects. We should not only think the efficiency of the program, also consider the ease of using by teachers and staff.
	Test design is very important.Manager need to have a very extensive project experience,that's the only way to design a feasible and efficient solution. A program may work in one situation or condition, but may fail in another. It is up to the software tester, to ensure that a program works correctly in all possible conditions.
	Test implementation is very technical section.It can be divided into black box testing,white box testing,gray box testing.Black-box testing is a method of software testing that examines the functionality of an application  without peering into its internal structures or workings . This method of test can be applied to virtually every level of software testing: unit, integration, system and acceptance. It typically comprises most if not all higher level testing, but can also dominate unit testing as well.The school management system uses a lot of black-box testing techniques.White-box testing  is a method of testing software that tests internal structures or workings of an application, as opposed to its functionality.White-box test design techniques include: Control flow testing Data flow testing Branch testing Path testing Statement coverage Decision coverage.White-box testing testers need programming skills.Gray-box testing (International English spelling: grey-box testing) is a combination of white-box testing and black-box testing. The aim of this testing is to search for the defects if any due to improper structure or improper usage of applications.In my projec it was used less. Software Quality Assurance is a very important technology for software development methods. It can effectively avoid the risk of the project. Among them, a reasonable testing program is more important in Software Engineering.
	In this course, I learned a lot. I learned a lot of experience in project management. I believe these will work for future study and have a huge impact
	Thank you very much for your guide. Good Luck!
